---
layout: post
title:  "Reflective Journal 4"
date:   2015-04-18T14:25:52-05:00
author: Lucia Kim
categories: Reflection
---

 I learnt about how to collaborate wisely with teammates for topic 6 on 8 September 2022. There were ways to develop bonding with each other, reasons for possible difficulties during the work, how to overcome those conflicts and good communication. A lecturer emphasized the importance of how much we enjoy the group project as well as supporting each other. At that time, I was in the process of the group project, struggling with teamworks, and almost forgot we had to cooperate with good communication skills. However, the lecture impressed me to encourage our group members for better productivity rather than blaming and rushing them, which led me to have a softer conversation with them, trying to seek compromise among us. To be specific, our group had a problem regarding punctuality, which was virtually the conflict due to the difference of personalities. I was stressed out whenever our plans were delayed, whereas other members were not that obsessed with these issues. Thus, I tried to understand their personal situations such as the reasons they were late, asking them carefully, not blaming them directly so that our team bonding could be stronger, which was successful. Furthermore, we identified our innate personalities relevant to types of members in a group by a simple test. My result involved a high percentage of ‘Explorer’, ‘Executive’, and ‘Innovator’, while the proportion of ‘Team player’ was the lowest. I found out the result of one of my group members who could work with me very well during the group project was totally opposite with me. Through this test and the conversation with my teammates after it, I had an opportunity to know myself much more, especially in the teamwork area. I realized my strengths and weaknesses, which are proactiveness and an extreme personality respectively. Moreover, one piece of advice from the lecturer was really helpful for me before I officially enter the university and work with other students in the future, which was not to be obsessed with the mark. For example, a mindset like ‘Let’s get HD!’ would be worse for overall performance as it puts way too much pressure on us, which can lead to burnout. It was quite suitable advice for me because sometimes I tend to overwork and struggle with my too passionate personality. In general, the class was quite beneficial for me even though it was really simple.

